1. What is Emmet?
It is a popular toolkit that helps web developers to write HTML
and CSS faster using abbreviations and shortcuts.

2. Difference between library and a framework?
Library is a repository that consists of pre-written code. It provides reusable functions
and routines. On the other hand, framework is like a blueprint. It is a set of tools and guidelines
that helps you build things more easily and quickly.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN is content delivery network, it is a collection of different servers. It is used such that there will be no time lapse in fetching any information from any part of the world
because you will be getting it from the point (or) data center that is closest to you
Ex: you want to access a website thats based in newyork and you live in india. without a cdn, you will get your data directly from newyork which will take some time
but with CDN, What happens is the website will locate multiple points and will give the data from a point nearest to you for suppose from delhi.

4. Why is React known as React?
React is known as react because it is designed for updating interfaces by reacting to changes in data.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
crossorigin are requests for resources from a diff domain than the one the current document is loading on.
Normally when you visit a particular website it asks for cookies and the browser does not always send the user data to that website, but 
when crossorigin : anonymous is set, you are telling the browser explicitly not to send any data.
and when crossorigin : user-credentials is set, you are telling the browser to only send credentials.

6. What is difference between react and reactDOM?

React is the core library used for building web interfaces. It doesn't necessarily help in modify anything that has to do with DOM.
ReactDOM is the one that helps in rendering the react to web interfaces.

7.What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js ?

React.development.js is designed for usage in development scenarios. It includes additional warnings, error messages to help
developers identify bugs and check errors while React.production.js is designed for production purposes. It doesn't include anything like the errors from development side.
The development build includes useful debugging information, while the production build is optimized for performance and excludes development warnings

8. What is async and defer ?

for suppose i used async in script tag which in embedded before body tag then it will just load HTML and javascript simultaneously where as if i use defer in script tag then it will defer
 the loading of javascript and run HTML first